[Music]
the biggest
pulley plot youtuber scammer
r ip piece up with you
you're gone but you were the biggest
mafia polyglot scammer
the flr method the scam method
the scam method the way you scam people
an incredible learning system for over
60 different languages
what's 16 [ __ ] scammers
the flr method is a system that can
become completed in a matter of months
really and guide you to conventional
fluency in any language now in few
months you will be fluent in
any language really scammer
pretend to speak many many language but
he can't really speak all this language
just he memorized a few
words a few sentence in every language
sing like the other polyglot scammers
look he will sell this for what 34
dollars
and [ __ ] scammers all of them
just leave a few sentence in every
language
see it's just a scam
this scammers all of them
she is learning 12 language this year
she's learning 12 language the same time
like [ __ ] they're just fooling
people
how you can learn 12 language the same
time
and don't get confused or mix the
language together
they're just bullshitting people she's
not learning anything
collecting money from people believing
her [ __ ]
buy me a coffee what a bigger what a
bigger
buy me a coffee what the [ __ ] is this
joke you are helping people learn
language
what the [ __ ] currently working on her
ebook
and an ebook to fool people
to make money fooling people the [ __ ]
scammers man
he said some books coming people
arabic morocco arabic sudanese he cannot
even speak arabic every
video every arabic video you have they
only say
i can speak arabic i like arabic it's a
beautiful
language just to say few
lines every time the same exact lines
or same sentence every time in all these
arabic videos
membership really membership to your
scam
channel looks you want to get money you
don't need money and then also
she's making an e-book they're just
fooling people they have no shame in
life
there's no shame in life fooling people
and lying to people
you're scammers all this fully blood
there are scammers
[Music]
you